log4j:WARN No appenders could be found for logger (org.apache.jena.riot.system.stream.JenaIOEnvironment).
log4j:WARN Please initialize the log4j system properly.
log4j:WARN See http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/faq.html#noconfig for more info.
Object Properties:

hasSynset
hasDerived
isDerivedFrom
isSimilarTo
isHyponymOf
hasHyponym
isSynsetOf

Words:

livery

isSimilarTo : sick

vertiginous

isSimilarTo : sick

sick-n


regorge

isSynsetOf : sick

recovering

isSimilarTo : sick

paralytic

isSimilarTo : sick

funny

isSimilarTo : sick

nauseous

isSimilarTo : sick

weather

isSimilarTo : sick

stricken

isSimilarTo : sick

spew

isSynsetOf : sick

bedfast

isSimilarTo : sick

sick-a

hasSynset : ill
isSimilarTo : feverish
isSimilarTo : airsick
isSimilarTo : afflicted
isSimilarTo : swooning
isSimilarTo : queasy
isSimilarTo : livery
isSimilarTo : seasick
isSimilarTo : bilious
isSimilarTo : funny
isSimilarTo : autistic
isSimilarTo : bedrid
isSimilarTo : aguish
isSimilarTo : sneezy
isSimilarTo : sickish
isSimilarTo : bronchitic
isSimilarTo : milk-sick
isSimilarTo : carsick
isSimilarTo : air sick
isSimilarTo : gouty
isSimilarTo : delirious
isSimilarTo : dyspeptic
isSimilarTo : sickly
isSimilarTo : ailing
isSimilarTo : feverous
isSimilarTo : indisposed
isSimilarTo : convalescent
isSimilarTo : tubercular
isSimilarTo : poorly
isSimilarTo : bedfast
isSimilarTo : hallucinating
isSimilarTo : consumptive
isSimilarTo : liverish
isSimilarTo : nauseated
isSimilarTo : peaked
isSimilarTo : giddy
isSimilarTo : nauseous
isSimilarTo : diabetic
isSimilarTo : unwell
isSimilarTo : light
isSimilarTo : rachitic
isSimilarTo : faint
isSimilarTo : sick-abed
isSimilarTo : laid low
isSimilarTo : lightheaded
isSimilarTo : rickety
isSimilarTo : tuberculous
isSimilarTo : seedy
isSimilarTo : paralyzed
isSimilarTo : bedridden
isSimilarTo : stricken
isSimilarTo : scrofulous
isSimilarTo : recovering
isSimilarTo : light-headed
isSimilarTo : laid up
isSimilarTo : under the weather
isSimilarTo : dizzy
isSimilarTo : spastic
isSimilarTo : paraplegic
isSimilarTo : vertiginous
isSimilarTo : upset
isSimilarTo : green
isSimilarTo : unhealed
isSimilarTo : palsied
isSimilarTo : paralytic
isSimilarTo : woozy

rickety

isSimilarTo : sick

spastic

isSimilarTo : sick

up

isSynsetOf : sick

milk-sick

isSimilarTo : sick

retch

isSynsetOf : sick

indisposed

isSimilarTo : sick

regurgitate

isSynsetOf : sick

sick-v

hasSynset : chuck
hasSynset : honk
hasSynset : vomit up
hasSynset : regorge
hasSynset : spue
hasSynset : disgorge
hasSynset : be sick
hasSynset : cat
hasSynset : upchuck
hasSynset : barf
hasSynset : puke
hasSynset : regurgitate
hasSynset : purge
hasSynset : retch
hasSynset : cast
hasSynset : spew
hasSynset : vomit
hasSynset : throw up

gouty

isSimilarTo : sick

queasy

isSimilarTo : sick

seedy

isSimilarTo : sick

bronchitic

isSimilarTo : sick

feverous

isSimilarTo : sick

up

isSynsetOf : sick

palsied

isSimilarTo : sick

tubercular

isSimilarTo : sick

aguish

isSimilarTo : sick

swooning

isSimilarTo : sick

seasick

isSimilarTo : sick

consumptive

isSimilarTo : sick

poorly

isSimilarTo : sick

dizzy

isSimilarTo : sick

sick-abed

isSimilarTo : sick

disgorge

isSynsetOf : sick

unhealed

isSimilarTo : sick

spue

isSynsetOf : sick

diabetic

isSimilarTo : sick

unwell

isSimilarTo : sick

sick

isSimilarTo : sick

up

isSimilarTo : sick

airsick

isSimilarTo : sick

autistic

isSimilarTo : sick

hallucinating

isSimilarTo : sick

giddy

isSimilarTo : sick

vomit

isSynsetOf : sick

ill

isSynsetOf : sick

green

isSimilarTo : sick

sickish

isSimilarTo : sick

feverish

isSimilarTo : sick

woozy

isSimilarTo : sick

peaked

isSimilarTo : sick

carsick

isSimilarTo : sick

bedridden

isSimilarTo : sick

light

isSimilarTo : sick

paraplegic

isSimilarTo : sick

honk

isSynsetOf : sick

nauseated

isSimilarTo : sick

cast

isSynsetOf : sick

afflicted

isSimilarTo : sick

purge

isSynsetOf : sick

sick

isSynsetOf : sick

barf

isSynsetOf : sick

dyspeptic

isSimilarTo : sick

chuck

isSynsetOf : sick

bedrid

isSimilarTo : sick

paralyzed

isSimilarTo : sick

light-headed

isSimilarTo : sick

sneezy

isSimilarTo : sick

sickly

isSimilarTo : sick

upset

isSimilarTo : sick

cat

isSynsetOf : sick

scrofulous

isSimilarTo : sick

tuberculous

isSimilarTo : sick

ailing

isSimilarTo : sick

bilious

isSimilarTo : sick

low

isSimilarTo : sick

faint

isSimilarTo : sick

upchuck

isSynsetOf : sick

rachitic

isSimilarTo : sick

delirious

isSimilarTo : sick

liverish

isSimilarTo : sick

puke

isSynsetOf : sick

lightheaded

isSimilarTo : sick

convalescent

isSimilarTo : sick
